Jonathan I'm leaving you to go to LA for
like one day but when I get back you
talking about love
oh I like that stuff it's a PG VM how
are you doing today I am in a hotel and
Los Angeles California for a very quick
trip and I'm doing something different
[Music]
guys get fancy and so here is the set
behind me here so I'm doing a sponsored
panel hey guys this is Austin I think
this is Jonah is that okay I have one
question for you guys
how has the fall phone season been
treating you have you been busy making
all the videos speaking of that it's
Kyle we're doing here today in different
areas oh my gosh there's fidget spinners
on this
okay guys it's go time so let's go back
I talk shopping here guys johnathan here
from youtube.com slash TLD here with a
superfight talk got some very special
guests the one and only Sarah deechi oh
I was often he mixed it up wait your
turn
hey guys okay you can do it and always
lovely Austin Evans today we are talking
yeah where it's at with smart phones
where it's headed the future and
potentially how it could affect love and
relationships so as I respect ofwhat
would be one thing you would want like
that would be helpful on a relationship
level a relationship level probably you
know I think it could offer insights in
terms of the other human you know so say
you're in a relationship and maybe they
had some bad emails come through some
bad text messages maybe the phone's kind
of gauging their emotional state and
then the significant other gets a
notification hey you gotta you gotta
kind of like tiptoe around your other
person's feelings today because they
have a rough one okay take back
everything I said before this is amazing
I feel like it would save relationships
it's like having like a real assistant
right like not just like something like
super basic but like imagine having an
actual friend to kind of be over your
shoulder like hey you don't see this but
you're messing you up in a big way
right you pay attention obviously that's
a little bit sort of over the top and
obviously your phone is not going to be
like that person yet yeah and kind of
see like as things sort of start
developing that there's that sort of
potential that it could actually be
something that's super useful in life so
in a nutshell hopefully it's gonna save
relationships on the phone you might
fall in love with the phone there might
not have to be another significant other
yeah that kind of got me thinking right
there we talked about how it's reading
your messages and emails like yeah in a
weird way like it's gonna know you had a
bad day right yeah yeah it's it's the
best personal assistant hey maybe
this person yeah calm down yeah well I
mean when it I never thought about that
but talking in terms of relationships
and love life and stuff you know maybe
your phone can give you red flags or
something or maybe yeah I can give you
some advice and bleeding good guys words
like that to agree right now because I
mean you know when you go to open up
like a text or something like it'll
start to sort of autofill what you're
gonna say it's just like oh right
don't say that you're an idiot you know
there's like things that like you can
sort of start with then you imagine is
it gets smarter smarter who really knows
like oh this is the relationship with
this person or personalized yeah exactly
it's just like hey reminder this is your
birthday or this is an anniversary or
something like you can kind of actually
be proactive and be thoughtful when you
aren't although I'm always thoughtful
don't I not for me it's for others right
alright I'm gonna bet that you're gonna
get the notification says hey bring
flowers home in Austin yes I think it's
time to let us in on your 22 secrets the
world's got to know how you clean up on
those apps
oh I don't clean up on absence we know
you beautify yourself okay so the idea
in theory of course the idea that if you
weren't say maybe happy with the way a
normal camera would take a picture of
you so I'm just saying in theory okay in
theory the idea that you could have a I
just sort of help assist maybe
beautifying yourself a little bit I
think to the environment exactly you
know the camera has to be smart it has
to be able to figure out what you look
like and what you should really look
like that's what the thing that maybe
someone might find useful
yeah maybe put it on like a dating
profile no no you would never do that
that would be disingenuous that totally
not a thing at all yeah maybe you can
take that picture and send it to someone
it doesn't matter at this point if they
speak your same language you're taking
your your beautified selfies to people
in Portugal yes okay that seems like a
natural thing to do I do that all the
time never well I mean yes it's it's
possible it's possible
like you could do some cool stuff
because translation has gotten so much
better with things like not only voice
but text the idea that in theory you
could be speaking to someone who doesn't
even speak the language now I don't know
at this point if it's like you could
totally just like have a whole
conversation and like have it like a
legitimate relationship or anything with
someone but if they didn't speak the
language especially when you're like
travelling and like kind of doing like
hey you know what's going on or help me
find food or something like that like it
could be really helpful and you show
them your beautiful selfie and then
they're sold I mean how could you turn
that face down but it's it's it's cool
to think that as technology gets better
and better that there's all these
possibilities that open up just as the
tech that we use everyday get smarter
and smarter and I think it's about
enhancing real life to where it's not
all about phone phone phone but it's how
can we take this technology bring it to
the real world how to enhance your love
life noise you're on a date it's like
hey get off your phone Thanks yeah don't
look at me anymore exactly actually
that'll get created yeah yeah that's
gonna be the saver right there yes I'm
excited to see where it heads in the
future with that yeah
I am back from Los Angeles welcome bad
girlfriends if you couldn't tell that
was actually the first episode of a
larger episodic thing that's advertising
the honor d-10 a new phone but we talked
about love right artificial intelligence
and love but our love is too perfect we
don't need AI that's the conclusion I
came to everything I talked about was
you know hypothetical something like my
relationship it's perfect
anyways it's fun because it's actually
kind of topical because we have
officially known each other right now
one year December 2nd 2016 is when we
officially said hi I am John Daniel Hill
I want to watch a part of our first
video ever I'm calling about YouTube
were documenting your life on any
platform is you have really cool parts
of your life document you can go back
and watch so we actually have the first
page that we ever hung out I should have
filmed walking up to you but I was too
nervous
that's intrusive yeah this is my view
today's your this is a good video
I may have undershot the time a little
bit so I haven't updated in like that's
why like Ryan's of peachy everything
about me getting it long we're doing all
this fun stuff
it's giant mutes in New York City moved
to New York City John I know clearly
saying because they're just being filmed
you know she is honestly very very
awesome and we're doing cool things and
I mean honestly yeah so I got some
skating in ok and one of the top
comments is like you guys need to invite
that person to your wedding who said you
would you do a follow-up interview yeah
did you really know at the time did you
know how did you know I mean we were
both like
[Music]
I heard obviously editing this out so
blue like even this little part here and
designed others aren't very scared
thank you I've never happened this is
crazy okay
[Music]
fun fact I am 100% wearing his shirt in
this yeah oh yeah this is your white
long-sleeve shirt yeah so it was like
the cute like I need a jacket you like
offered your way I did do that
I was like I'm gonna wear my jacket
because it's cold so you can wear this
white t-shirt and put in the carpet it's
dirty
I'm just kidding while we were playing
the game of like yeah Davey and guys
they're not even dating when just
talking about like talking you would go
in the comments in like your comments
and my comments and respond to people
and say here I'll literally I bet this
one like that first one I picked
you were so flirtatious and directly to
my eyes oh yeah I feel weird Bing I
don't know I don't like coming off as
the dude is like strong so it's just
like I think it's funnier I'm gonna hit
on her in a funny way cuz that's what
I'm used to it thank you guys so much
for joining this journey it's pretty rad
that you guys have seen so much of my
like work life arc I feel like then you
guys have literally been in the
passenger seat as I found love
peachie fam thank you for tuning in
Jonathan thank you for not running away
you know I got you yeah I'm an honor
shoutouts to to including me in the talk
show it was really cool to talk with
Austin and Jonathan let me know if you
like this video hit that subscribe
button
those are pretty Stevie G okay bye I
remember to check out the links down
below to check out the owner of e 10 and
the other episodes on the other people's
channels I leave now
[Music]